README.md, before:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->
<a name="readme-top"></a>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus>
    <img src="src/assets/icon.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation-requirements">Installation Requirements</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#issues">Issues</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#linux-and-macos">Linux and macOS</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](src/assets/app_image.png)

Mechvibes++ brings mouse sounds, key up-and-down sounds, and randomized sounds to Mechvibes.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

* [![Electron][Electron]][Electron-url]
* [![Node.js][Nodejs]][Nodejs-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

If Mechvibes++ loads normally without any issues, please skip this.

Download [VC Redist 2015-2019](https://aka.ms/vs/16/release/vc_redist.x64.exe)

Run the [executable](https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/releases) and let it install. Continue with Mechvibes++ installation when it finishes.

### Installation Requirements

- Approximately 200mb of storage available
   - Version 2.3.1 comes in around 170mb for us, but this may vary for you.
- Running Windows 8.1 (or later)
- VC Redist (listed above)
- 64-bit (x64) based PC/laptop
- Reccomendation: > 6-8gb of RAM


<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Issues

Read the [issues list](issues.md) here

Please [join our discord](https://discord.gg/CZ8Qgth2SW) if you need additional help (read the list first)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make Mechvibes++ better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [the license file](LICENSE) for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Linux and macOS

There is currently **no support** for either operating system since neither of us own a Mac or are willing to make time to install a distro and make a build.
If you own a Mac or run Linux, you can create a build yourself. Instructions are posted on [our discord](https://discord.gg/CZ8Qgth2SW), pinned in #general


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/blob/main/LICENSE
[product-screenshot]: src/assets/app_image.png
[Nodejs]: https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs
[Nodejs-url]: https://nodejs.org/
[Electron]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Electron-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=electron
[Electron-url]: https://www.electronjs.org/

Commit message:

Update issues info to have docs
Similar to Mechvibes FAQ Discord channel. Helps divide up the info into sections that are easier to read

README.md, after:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->
<a name="readme-top"></a>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus>
    <img src="src/assets/icon.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation-requirements">Installation Requirements</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#issues">Issues</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#linux-and-macos">Linux and macOS</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](src/assets/app_image.png)

Mechvibes++ brings mouse sounds, key up-and-down sounds, and randomized sounds to Mechvibes.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

* [![Electron][Electron]][Electron-url]
* [![Node.js][Nodejs]][Nodejs-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

If regular Mechvibes loads normally without any issues, please skip this.

Download [VC Redist 2015-2019](https://aka.ms/vs/16/release/vc_redist.x64.exe)

Run the [executable](https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/releases) and let it install. Continue with Mechvibes++ installation when it finishes.

### Installation Requirements

- Approximately 200mb of storage available
   - Version 2.3.1 comes in around 170mb for us, but this may vary for you.
- Running Windows 8.1 (or later)
- VC Redist (listed above)
- 64-bit (x64) based PC/laptop
- Reccomendation: > 6-8gb of RAM


<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Issues

Read the [issues list](issues.md) here

Please [join our discord](https://discord.gg/CZ8Qgth2SW) if you need additional help (read the list first)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make Mechvibes++ better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [the license file](LICENSE) for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Linux and macOS

There is currently **no support** for either operating system since neither of us own a Mac or are able to make time to install Linux and make a version for it.

If you own a Mac or run Linux, you can create a build yourself. Instructions are posted [here](doc/linux-and-mac.md).


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/PyroCalzone/MechVibesPlusPlus/blob/main/LICENSE
[product-screenshot]: src/assets/app_image.png
[Nodejs]: https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs
[Nodejs-url]: https://nodejs.org/
[Electron]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Electron-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=electron
[Electron-url]: https://www.electronjs.org/
